# WinFormsPermClipCalc
It has been a while since I created my first perimeter clip calculator as a console application, so I decided to create the same application as a Windows Forms Application with all the buttons, bells, and whistles! I've learned quite a bit since I created the first console application, so this time around it has an abstract class, an enumeration, and an interface as well! The application take input from the user: the user must select "start" or "finish" from a drop down to indicate whether the dimension they will be entering is a "start" dimension or a "finish" dimension. If they do not choose, the application will give them an error in a message box. The application then validates the numeric input. Everything must be a positive number greater than 0 or the user will receive another error message. If the start or finish dimensions are out of bounds and not within the standard dimensions that are allowed, the user will also get an error telling them to enter a number within the appropriate range. If all of the input is validated, an input box will appear asking the user to enter the first purlin space dimension in linear inches. This will continue to happen until the numbers entered by the user exceed the previously entered horizontal zone size. Once again this input is validated, so it must be numeric. Since the input box is not available for C# applications (and I'm a little lazy) I created an assembly reference to the input box used in Visual Basic programs for the user input. Each purlin space entered by the user is added to a counter which is then used in the calculation to multiply the number of clips for each purlin by the total number of required purlins. Once the calculation is done, the total number of clips is read to the user in text at the bottom of the application that only becomes visible once the calculation is complete.
